# python_for_finance

  Here I attempt to replicate the output stemming from the author's code in the recently released second edition of the fantastic book "Python for Finance" by  Yves Hilpisch.  I originally used the first edition years back, but a large amount of the code had to be updated or changed, as the examples used modules/libraries that were often deprecated or experiencing issues due to unresolved problems in an API or something else on which they relied.  For some reason, I prefer to not create a separate environment to ensure the versions are equal; for the most part, I think this is because when I am forced to update older or non-working code, I naturally learn more about the programming language as a whole.  That being said, the ONLY reason there were any issues with replication was because I was reading and studying a book written many years before I discovered it; let me be clear that it was in NO WAY the author's fault, he has written many great books on this subject and provided an increadible amount of detailed examples that surely have helped plenty of people, myself included.  
 
 The first edition of this book is dated December 27, 2014, with examples in the text written in Python 2; the new second edition of the book, dated December 31, 2018, uses Python 3 for examples in the text.  The very beginning shows actual notation that points out changes in the code to make it compatible with Python 3, basically describing how the code from the first edition would be to be changed to run in Python 3.  I am not yet sure if this is done throughout the entire book.  Anyway, I will follow along with the updated addition just as I did the first edition, making any necessary changes.  Although I do not expect issues to come up often, if at all.  I may include some notation at times for explanation or if I feel the point is very important, but I plan to keep this at a minimum, while focusing on the code and resulting output.  One reason for this is that it is difficult to pick out small phrases when a book is packed with so much solid info and at the same time very light on "fluff".  Another reason I am focusing almost exclusively on code is that I do not want people thinking of this as a substitute or cliff notes for the book; this is the same concern I mentioned with the sentdex project, which does include a lot of notes and explanaions.  I do strongly encourage you to read the actual book, due to the importance of gaining a conceptual understanding of these methods. Then, maybe try his other books, and PLEASE spend some time checking out his websites and other links - there have some great tools available.
 
 As usual, feel free to contact me anytime.  My personal email is whcherry52@gmail.com.  I appreciate constructive criticism and love helping people, so you can call me out when I am wrong and/or reach out to me if you are having trouble grasping why some code does or does not work, or even a conceptual aspect coming from the book.  Thank you all so much for reading, and I hope this can help at least one person.
 
